---
layout: page
title: The Team
permalink: /the_team/
---

We are a team of diverse, interdisciplinary scientists interested in studying, understanding, and drugging proteins with extreme conformational dynamics to address human disease. We are based in the [Department of Structural & Molecular Biology](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/biosciences/structural-and-molecular-biology) at [University College London](https://www.ucl.ac.uk).

### Gabriella (Gabi) Heller
Dr Gabriella Heller (PI) leads the Extreme Dynamics and Therapeutics Laboratory. Her research focuses on targeting highly dynamic biomolecules called intrinsically disordered proteins (IDPs), which rapidly interconvert between different shapes. Originally from Chicago, she studied Chemistry and Mathematics at Pomona College. Dr Heller then completed her MPhil in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Cambridge as a Churchill Scholar and remained there as a Gates Cambridge Scholar for her PhD with Professor Michele Vendruscolo. Following her graduate studies, she was Rosalind Franklin Research Fellow at Newnham College, Cambridge. Throughout her time in Cambridge, she employed primarily computational methods (molecular dynamics simulations) to study disordered proteins and their interactions. In 2020, Dr Heller was awarded a Schmidt Science Fellowship which enabled her to pivot from computation to Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy at UCL with Professor D. Flemming Hansen. Currently as a Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC) Discovery Fellow, Dr Heller now combines her experimental and computational skills to develop new tools to study disordered proteins and their interactions with small molecules. Outside of her research, Dr Heller enjoys travelling, boxing, and eating bagels.

### Jasmine (Jaz) Cornish
Dr Jasmine Cornish is a post-doctoral research scientist in a joint position with the Extreme Dynamics and Therapeutics Laboratory and the BioDesign lab at the Francis Crick Institute. She is interested in all things related to disordered proteins, with a special interest in IDPs as targets for drug discovery. Jaz studied her undergraduate degree in Biomedical Science at the University of Kent before moving on to the University of Cambridge for her PhD with Helen Mott in the Department of Biochemistry. With Helen Mott, she characterised the “structure” and dynamics of RLIP76, a partially disordered protein involved in membrane-adjacent cancer signalling pathways, which involved using NMR for both structural and binding studies. After her PhD, she worked for Transition Bio, where she used microfluidic tools to drug biomolecular condensates – dense membrane-less compartments within cells that often assemble from IDPs. Outside of science, Jaz enjoys boardgames and cycling, and has never lost a game of Cluedo.

### Kirsten Silvey
Kirsten Silvey is PhD student co-supervised by Dr Gabi Heller and Prof. D. Flemming Hansen on the UCL-Birkbeck MRC DTP. Her project focusses on characterising the interactions of monomeric amyloid-β using Nuclear Magnetic Resonance. Kirsten studied Biochemistry at University of Leeds with a focus on structural protein biology. As part of her undergraduate degree, Kirsten did a placement year at LifeArc where she worked on characterising binding and structural properties of biotherapeutic candidates for immuno-oncology targets. Outside of the lab, Kirsten enjoys cooking, running and hiking.


### Ailsa Gavan McHarg
Ailsa Gavan McHarg is a PhD student interested in viral IDPs. Her PhD project focuses on investigating the highly disordered non-structural protein 5A (NS5A) protein in Hepatis C virus. Ailsa has a broad biology background; previously she studyed BSc Biology at the University of Bath where she specialised in infection science and protein biology. During this time, she spent a year working at St Jude Children’s Research Hospital (USA) in the Pharmaceutical Department where she explored the underlying pathology of acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) and chemoresistance associated with the ABCG2 transporter. After her undergraduate degree, Ailsa moved into clinical science, working in a diagnostic lab in the NHS where she supported the diagnosis and monitoring of genetic diseases in metabolic biochemical pathways. After taking some time out to travel in 2022, she began her PhD with the London Interdisciplinary Bioscience Consortium (LIDo). She is co-supervised by Jerome Gouge and Greg Towers. Outside of the lab, Ailsa enjoys playing Ultimate Frisbee, running, and reading. 
